xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
x                                                                              x
xxxxx                                                                          x
x   x                                                                          x
x   x                                                                          x
x   x                                                                          x
x   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                                   x
x                                          x                                   x
x   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                                   x
x   x           x      x              x   x                                    x
x   x           xxxxxxxx              x x x                                    x
x   x                                   x x                                    x
x   x                                   x x                                    x
x   x                                   x x                                    x
x   x                 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x                                    x
x   x                                     x                                    x
x   x         xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   x                                    x
x   x         x                       x   x                                    x
x   x         x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  x   x                                     x
x   x         x x                  x  x   x                                     x
x   x         x x  xxxxxxxxxxxx    x  x   x                                     x
x   x         x x  x     x         x  x   x                                     x
x   xxxxxxxxxxx    x     x xxxxxxx x  x   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
x               x  x       x       x  x   x                                     x
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  x      xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
                                   x  x   x  x
                                   x  x x x  x
                                   x         x
                                   xxxxxxxxxxx
